# News Monitoring Telegram Bot

### What

A bot that will scan through a list of telegram channels in order to find news, posts, messages, or any other sort of written content that points out a new release for a new Blockchain or a new Defi protocol, or any other kind of system that can potentially consume or produce blockchain data.

### Why

The goal of this bot is to support the sales and BD teams at [https://sqd.ai](https://sqd.ai) to find new leads and new companies we can sell our solutions to.

The main pain point this bot is aiming to solve is the manual monitoring of the news feeds, telegram, x posts, and other sources when trying to look for new leads for our enterprise blockchain data solutions.

So it’s important to require minimal manual intervention as possible

### How

The bot will be fed with a list of telegram channels to monitor new messages. For each new message, it should:
- Check the relevance of the content using an LLM (possibly through Vercel’s AI SDK, or any other option that it might be more suitable for this use case) given the context above.
  - If the message contains any links to a post, news, or article, the LLM should fetch that content an dump it into its context in order to properly evaluate the relevance
  - The LLM should produce a confidence score about the relevance of the content, from 0-10
  - The LLM should also produce a one liner summary why this message is relevant for us
  - The output of the LLM should be in a deterministic JSON format
- If the content is relevant given a threshold of 5 >, it should dispatch a new message to all subscribers of a telegram bot called Very Nice Leads
  - The message should contain a quote to the original message, the relevance score, and the summary generated by the LLM
  - The message must be easily readable and interpretable, in order for the users of the bot gather all the information they need in the least amount of time
- Each message should also give the users the option to provide feedback on how relevant the content posted is, using the interactive messages.
  - For each message present two options: Accurate rating, Inaccurate rating.
  - If the user presses on “Accurate rating“, save to the the message_review table the following fields/values
    - message: original content of the message found in one of the channels that was shared from the bot to the user
    - bot_rating: the rating coming from the LLM
    - user_rating: use the same value as bot_rating. this field will be used to compared the ratings from the bot and user perspectives, and train the LLMs accordingly for future messages. The training part is out of scope for this run
    - user_tg_id: telegram id of the user who posted the review
    - user_tg_name: telegram display name of the user who posted the review
  - If the user presses on “Inaccurate rating“, display the users value from 0 to 10, in any fashion telegram supports for interactive messages, but ensuring the best UX and add the following values to the message_review table
    - message: original content of the message found in one of the channels that was shared from the bot to the user
    - bot_rating: the rating coming from the LLM
    - user_rating: the selected relevance from the user perspective, retrieved from the user input described above
    - user_tg_id: telegram id of the user who posted the review
    - user_tg_name: telegram display name of the user who posted the review
- The bot should react to each message spot on each channel individually. This means, each new message should dispatch the full workflow of analysis once. From calling the LLM with the message content, evaluating if the relevance assigned to the message passes the threshold, if it does, share the message with all the subscribed users.
